All right, I hope I've convinced you that Kubernetes is
a great solution for containers and how powerful it really is.
You may be thinking to yourself,
"Kubernetes, is this really something I want to run?"
Hopefully, we can walk through all the different features that we talked
about and make sure that you understand how capable Kubernetes really is.
So one, to install Kubernetes really takes just a few minutes.
You can install it using Minikube or you can install it via Docker itself.
Second, Kubernetes itself as composed of many different pieces including Cube CTL,
pods, containers, and clusters.
Google has actually developed all this over many many years and
has actually done all the heavy lifting to
make sure it works at scale and then open sourced it.
Finally, we talked about monitoring and logging and debugging with Kubernetes.
There's a great integration with Prometheus that
gives us the ability to look at a dashboard,
look at specific alerts,
and automatically respond to those alerts.
Finally, we talked about auto-scaling with CPU or memory.
So these are things that you have the ability to do with
Kubernetes and really is one of the key reasons to use
Kubernetes is that you have this abstraction layer and you're able to actually
apply auto scale rules without having to tie in to some external system.
It's completely baked into your Kubernetes application.
So in a nutshell,
Kubernetes is a powerful ecosystem.
It can be thought of,
let's say, a MiniCloud itself.
It's really, probably the primary reason that you should be using
containers is you're leveraging
the know-how and the expertise of a powerhouse like Google.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6